1.  asynchronous I/O, commonly called async I/O
2.  async I/O isn’t threading or multiprocessing
3.  Async I/O is a single-threaded, single-process technique that uses cooperative multitasking. Async I/O gives a feeling of 
    concurrency despite using a single thread in a single process. Coroutines are a central feature of async I/O and can be 
    scheduled concurrently, but they’re not inherently concurrent.

4.  async I/O is a model of concurrent programming, but it’s not parallelism. 
    Closely aligned with threading than with multiprocessing, but it’s different from both and is a standalone member of the 
    concurrency ecosystem.

What does it mean for something to be asynchronous?
    Asynchronous routines can pause their execution while waiting for a result and allow other routines to run in the meantime.
    Asynchronous code facilitates the concurrent execution of tasks by coordinating asynchronous routines.

FOR EXAMPLE:
    A girl hosts a chess exhibition in which she plays multiple amateur players. She has two ways of conducting the exhibition: 
    synchronously and asynchronously.

    Assumptions:
        24 opponents
        Host makes each chess move in 5 seconds
        Opponents each take 55 seconds to make a move
        Games average 30 pair-moves (60 moves total)

        Synchronous version: Host plays one game at a time, never two at the same time, until the game is complete. Each game takes 
                            (55 + 5) * 30 == 1800 seconds, or 30 minutes. The entire exhibition takes 24 * 30 == 720 minutes, 
                            or 12 hours.

        Asynchronous version: Host moves from table to table, making one move at each table. She leaves the table and lets the 
                                opponent make their next move during the wait time. One move on all 24 games takes host 
                                24 * 5 == 120 seconds, or 2 minutes. The entire exhibition is now cut down to 120 * 30 == 3600 seconds, 
                                or just 1 hour. 

Async I/O applies this principle to programming. In async I/O, a program’s event loop—more on that later—runs multiple tasks, 
allowing each to take turns running at the optimal time.

Async I/O takes long-running functions—like a complete chess game in the example above—that would block a program’s execution . 
It manages them in a way so other functions can run during that downtime.

Python’s async model is built around concepts such as callbacks, coroutines, events, transports, protocols, and futures.

At the heart of async I/O is the concept of a coroutine.
In Python, a coroutine is an object representing a computation that can be paused and resumed. Coroutines can be entered, exited, 
and resumed at many different points. It’s the object we get when you call a coroutine function.

Coroutine is an object that can suspend its execution and resume it later. In the meantime, it can pass the control to an event loop, 
which can execute another coroutine. Coroutine objects result from calling a coroutine function, also known as an asynchronous function.