Concurrency refers to the ability of a program to manage multiple tasks at once, improving performance and responsiveness. 
It encompasses different models like threading, asynchronous tasks, and multiprocessing, each offering unique benefits and 
trade-offs. In Python, threads and asynchronous tasks facilitate concurrency on a single processor, while multiprocessing allows 
for true parallelism by utilizing multiple CPU cores.

Parallelism consists of executing multiple operations at the same time.

Multiprocessing is a means of achieving parallelism that entails spreading tasks over a computer’s central processing unit (CPU) 
cores. Multiprocessing is well-suited for CPU-bound tasks, such as tightly bound for loops and mathematical computations.

Concurrency is a slightly broader term than parallelism, suggesting that multiple tasks have the ability to run in an overlapping 
manner. Concurrency doesn’t necessarily imply parallelism.

In Python, the things that are occurring simultaneously are called by different names, including these:

        1. Thread
            threads and asynchronous tasks always run on a single processor, which means they can only run one at a time. 
            They just cleverly find ways to take turns to speed up the overall process. 
            Threading is a concurrent execution model in which multiple threads take turns executing tasks. A single process can 
            contain multiple threads. Python’s relationship with threading is complicated due to the global interpreter lock (GIL).

        2. Task

        3. Process
            What about multiple CPU cores? How can we make use of them in Python? 
                The answer is to execute separate processes!
                A process can be thought of as almost a completely different program, though technically, it’s usually defined as a 
                collection of resources including memory, file handles, and things like that. One way to think about it is that each 
                process runs in its own Python interpreter.
                Because they’re different processes, each can run on a different CPU core. Running on a different core means that 
                they can actually run at the same time. 


Python Module	    CPU	    Multitasking	    Switching Decision
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
asyncio	            One	    Cooperative	    The tasks decide when to give up control.
threading	        One	    Preemptive	    The operating system decides when to switch tasks external to Python.
multiprocessing	    Many	Preemptive	    The processes all run at the same time on different processors.