Think of a parking lot with 3 spaces. A sign at the entrance shows the count. Each car entering decrements it; each car leaving 
increments it. When it hits 0, new cars wait at the gate. 
That's a semaphore — a counter that controls how many threads (or tasks) can access something simultaneously.

A semaphore maintains an internal counter that starts with your specified limit. When a coroutine wants to enter the 
“protected zone,” it must first acquire the semaphore (counter decreases). When it’s done, it releases the semaphore 
(counter increases). If the counter hits zero, any additional coroutines have to wait in line.

    A coroutine is just a function that can pause and resume.

    async def coroutine():
        data = await client.get("https://api.example.com")  # pauses here
        # while paused, the event loop runs other coroutines
        print(data)                                          # resumes when data arrives

    async def — declares "this function is a coroutine, it can pause"
    await — marks "this is where I might pause"

    Each coroutine pauses at await, the event loop launches the next one, and they all wait for their responses simultaneously. 
    One thread, no parallelism, but the waiting overlaps.

When multiple threads run concurrently, we need ways to prevent them from stepping on each other. Python gives a few 
primitives for this:
    Lock — only 1 thread can enter at a time 
    Semaphore — up to N threads can enter at a time 

A Lock is actually just a Semaphore with N=1.

Async Semaphores — 
    We’ve just deployed a new Python web scraper. It’s supposed to fetch data from 1000 APIs concurrently. You fire it up, and 
    within seconds, we're getting HTTP 429 errors (Too Many Requests), server runs out of memory, and the target APIs start 
    blocking IP. This is exactly the kind of scenario where semaphores shine.

    Unlike traditional threading semaphores that block entire threads, asyncio semaphores are cooperative. When a coroutine 
    can’t acquire a semaphore (because the limit is reached), it doesn’t block the entire program. Instead, it yields control 
    back to the event loop, allowing other coroutines to continue running.

    Threading approach: 7 chefs show up. 3 start cooking. The other 4 stand frozen in place. 
                        They can't chop vegetables, wash dishes, or do anything until a stove opens up.

                        When a thread calls sem.acquire() and the counter is 0, the OS suspends that thread entirely. It sits 
                        frozen, consuming memory for its stack, doing absolutely nothing until it gets woken up. The OS is 
                        in charge of deciding when threads run.


    Asyncio approach: 1 chef manages all 7 dishes. He put 3 pots on the stoves. While those cook, the chef chops vegetables for 
                        dish 4, plates dish 7, checks the recipe for dish 5. When a stove opens, he swaps the next pot in. 
                        One person, but nothing is ever idle.

                        Asyncio runs everything on a single thread using an event loop. When a coroutine hits await sem.acquire() 
                        and the counter is 0, it doesn't freeze. It says "I can't proceed, here's control back to the event 
                        loop" and the event loop immediately runs some other coroutine that can make progress.


